README.md, before:

Chord Profiles
==========================
A function (findChordName) that pretends to provide a SIMPLE framework where ALL the binary chord profiles are properly defined.

ALL the chords are shown in 'chords.png' extracted from [1]. The chords appear in the code in the same order as in 'chords.png'.

Code tested in Matlab and Octave.

Examples on how to use the function, see 'example.m'.

Comments:
---------------------------
Some chords can be misleading and the framework can provide "wrong" answers that actually are correct. For example:

chord = [C  C# D  D# E  F  F# G  G# A  A# B]

CM6   = [1  0  0  0  1  0  0  1  0  1  0  0] 

Am7   = [1  0  0  0  1  0  0  1  0  1  0  0] 

Note that the pitch profiles are exactly the same but depending on the context one pitch profile is more correct than other. Currently, the framework is still not capable to choose the best option.

To do:
--------------------------
- introduce augmented chords.
- comment.
- program alternative methods for finding the pitch profile.
- consider root analysis.

Authors: 
--------------------------
Jordi Pons (idrojsnop@gmail.com) and Xavi Lizarraga (xavilizarraga@gmail.com)

References:
--------------------------
[1] - Jerry Coker. Improvising Jazz. Simon and Schuster, New York, 1964.

Commit message:

First version of the autocorrelation method working

README.md, after:

Chord Profiles
==========================
A function (findChordName) that pretends to provide a SIMPLE framework where ALL the binary chord profiles are properly defined.

ALL the chords are shown in 'chords.png' extracted from [1]. The chords appear in the code in the same order as in 'chords.png'.

Working under Matlab and Octave.

Examples on how to use the function, see 'example.m'.

Comments:
---------------------------
Some chords can be misleading and the framework can provide "wrong" answers that actually are correct. For example:

chord = [C  C# D  D# E  F  F# G  G# A  A# B]

CM6   = [1  0  0  0  1  0  0  1  0  1  0  0] 

Am7   = [1  0  0  0  1  0  0  1  0  1  0  0] 

Note that the pitch profiles are exactly the same but depending on the context one pitch profile is more correct than other. Currently, the framework is still not capable to choose the best option.

To do:
--------------------------
- introduce Aug chords.
- ordenate chords from simpler to much harder.
- program alternative methods for finding the pitch profile: root coding.

Authors: 
--------------------------
Jordi Pons (idrojsnop@gmail.com) and Xavi Lizarraga (xavilizarraga@gmail.com)

References:
--------------------------
[1] - Jerry Coker. Improvising Jazz. Simon and Schuster, New York, 1964.
